作词 : John Lennon/Paul McCartney
 作曲 : John Lennon/Paul McCartney
孙燕姿 - Hey Jude
词：Lennon McCartney
曲：Lennon McCartney
Hey jude  don't make it bad
Take a sad song  and make it better
Remember  to let her into your heart
Then you can start  to make it better
Hey jude don't be afraid
You were made to  go out and get her
The minute  you let her under your skin
Then  you begin  to make it better
And  anytime you feel the pain  hey jude refrain
Don't carry the world  upon your shoulders
For well you know that it's a fool  who plays it cool
By making his world  a little  colder
Na na  na na  na na na  na
Hey jude  don't let me down
You have found her  now go and get her
Remember  to let her into your heart
Then you can start  to make it  better
So let it out and let it in  hey jude begin
You're waiting for someone to  perform  with
And don't you know that it's just you hey jude you'll do
The movement you need is on your shoulder
Na na na na na na na na
Hey jude  don't  make it bad
Take a sad song  and make it better
Remember  to let her under your skin
Then you'll begin  to make it
Better better better better better  better  oh
Na na  na na na  na na na  hey jude
Na na na na na  na na na  hey  jude
Na  na  na na na  na na  na  hey jude
Na  na  na na  na  na  na na  hey jude
Na  na  na na na  na  na na  hey  jude
Na na na na na  na na na  hey  jude作词 : Paul McCartney
 作曲 : Paul McCartney
Hey Jude， don’t make it bad.
Take a sad song and make it better.
Remember to let her into your heart，
Then you can start to make it better.
Hey Jude， don’t be afraid.
You were made to go out and get her.
The minute you let her under your skin，
Then you begin to make it better.
And anytime you feel the pain， hey Jude， refrain，
Don’t carry the world upon your shoulders.
For well you know that it’s a fool who plays it cool
By making his world a little colder.
Hey Jude， don’t let me down.
You have found her， now go and get her.
Remember to let her into your heart，
Then you can start to make it better.
So let it out and let it in， hey Jude， begin，
You’re waiting for someone to perform with.
And don’t you know that it’s just you， hey Jude， you’ll do，
The movement you need is on your shoulder.
Hey Jude， don’t make it bad.
Take a sad song and make it better.
Remember to let her under your skin，
Then you’ll begin to make it
Better better better better better better， oh.
Da da da da da da， da da da， hey Jude...作词 : Paul McCartney
 作曲 : Paul McCartney
Hey Jude' don't make it bad.
Take a sad song and make it better.
Remember to let her into your heart'
Then you can start to make it better.
Hey Jude' don't be afraid.
You were made to go out and get her.
The minute you let her under your skin'
Then you begin to make it better.
And anytime you feel the pain' hey Jude' refrain'
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders.
For well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool
By making his world a little colder.
Hey Jude' don't let me down.
You have found her' now go and get her.
Remember to let her into your heart'
Then you can start to make it better.
So let it out and let it in' hey Jude' begin'
You're waiting for someone to perform with.
And don't you know that it's just you' hey Jude' you'll do'
The movement you need is on your shoulder.
Hey Jude' don't make it bad.
Take a sad song and make it better.
Remember to let her under your skin'
Then you'll begin to make it
Better better better better better better' oh.
Da da da da da da' da da da' hey Jude...